Cyjax feed (#11208)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedCyjax/Integrations/FeedCyjax/README.md

> The feed allows customers to pull indicators of compromise from cyber incidents (IP addresses, URLs, domains, CVE and file hashes).
> 
> ## Cyjax API token
> 1. Login to [Cyjax threat intelligence portal](https://cymon.co).
> 2. On the top navigation bar, hover the cursor over your user icon and go to **Developer settings**.
> 3. Open personal access token tab.
> 4. Generate new token
> 5. Record the API token, as it will not be accessible after the window is closed.
> 
> ## Feed installation
> 1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
> 2. Search for **Cyjax Feed**.
> 3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.
> 
> ## Configuration
> 1. Enter feed name eg. `Cyjax Feed`
> 2. API URL `https://api.cyberportal.co`
> 3. Enter Cyjax API token
> 4. Set proxy if required by your installation
> 5. Indicator reputation (the reputation set to the indicators fetched from this feed, default is Suspicious)
> 6. Source reliability: A - Completely reliable
> 7. Traffic Light Protocol Color - The Traffic Light Protocol (TLP) designation to apply to indicators fetched from the feed.
> 8. Use Cyjax feed TLP (selected by default) - Whether to use TLP set by Cyjax. Will override TLP set above.
> 9. Set feed tags. (optional, comma delimited, eg. MyTag, YourTag)
> 10. Set Indicator Expiration Method (default is never)
> 11. Set fetch interval (default is to fetch every 1 hour)
> 12. First fetch time. The time interval for the first fetch (retroactive). Default is 3 days.
> 13. Test connection.
> 14. Click done to save.
> 
> ## Commands
> You can execute these commands from the Demisto CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
> After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feed allows customers to pull indicators of compromise from cyber incidents (IP addresses, URLs, domains, CVE, and file hashes).

## Cyjax API token
1. Log in to [Cyjax threat intelligence portal](https://cymon.co).
2. On the top navigation bar, hover the cursor over your user icon and go to **Developer settings**.
3. Open the personal access token tab.
4. Generate a new token
5. Record the API token, as it will not be accessible after the window is closed.

## Feed installation
1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for **Cyjax Feed**.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

## Configuration
1. Enter feed name eg. `Cyjax Feed`
2. API URL `https://api.cyberportal.co`
3. Enter Cyjax API token
4. Set proxy if required by your installation
5. Indicator reputation (the reputation set to the indicators fetched from this feed, default is Suspicious)
6. Source reliability: A - Completely reliable
7. Traffic Light Protocol Color - The Traffic Light Protocol (TLP) designation to apply to indicators fetched from the feed.
8. Use Cyjax feed TLP (selected by default) - Whether to use TLP set by Cyjax. Will override TLP set above.
9. Set feed tags. (optional, comma delimited, eg. MyTag, YourTag)
10. Set Indicator Expiration Method (default is never)
11. Set fetch interval (default is to fetch every 1 hour)
12. First fetch time. The time interval for the first fetch (retroactive). The default is 3 days.
13. Test connection.
14. Click done to save.

## Commands
You can execute these commands from the Demisto CLI, as part of automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.
```
